- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Intro

I use Neovim nowadays. It started out mainly as a way to have
available the ‹neovim-remote› package which provides functionality
similar to Vim's client-server mode, but which contrary to Vim also
works in console mode. Maybe this can be done with Vim too now, but
there appear to be other good reasons to use Neovim; I'll leave that
discussion to others and stick with Neovim.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------
HOMEs Sweet HOMEs

An unusual thing I do when working on my main desktop is that,
depending on which project I am working on, I may set the HOME envvar
(among other configuration tweaks) to point to a different directory,
holding the project's files (there are pros and cons to this approach,
the trade-offs of which I am happy with). For Neovim, which uses the
XDG conventions, that means that each of these HOME directories would
need to have its own copy of an …<init.vim>, of plugins, etc., since
they are searched for in the …<nvim/> subdirectories of the following
directories by default:

    XDG_CONFIG_HOME : ~/.config
    XDG_DATA_HOME   : ~/.local/share

Now, most of my projects use the same initialization and plugins, so I
neither want to duplicate all that stuff, nor want to have to update
each project whenever I modify something that I want all projects to
share. On the other hand, some projects may indeed require their own
unique settings. I solve this by using an appropriate combination of
files specific to each project and by using symlinks.

It's not explained much here, but I keep files init.vim and
init.lucs.vim in this repo as samples.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Installing

        ▸ Clone this module.
    dPkg=~/.local/share/nvim/site/pack/lucs/opt
    mkdir -p $dPkg
    cd $dPkg
    git clone https://github.com/lucs/nvim-lucs.git

        ▸ Ensure there is a config dir.
    dCfg=~/.config/nvim
    mkdir -p $dCfg

        ▸ Copy and edit as necessary the init files.
    cp $dPkg/nvim-lucs/init.vim $dCfg
    cp $dPkg/nvim-lucs/init.lucs.vim $dCfg

- --------------------------------------------------------------------
Personal HOMEs notes

⟨PName⟩ is a "plugin name".

Master repos, from my machine point of view:

    /shome/lucs/vcs/
        vim-⟨PName⟩.git/    : bare repo
        vim-⦃dirvish⦄.git/
        ⋯

        For each ⟨PName⟩, in the Git ‹config› file we find something
        like this:

            [remote "origin"]
                url = ⟨Wherever, not one of my plugins⟩

              or

                One of my plugins.
            [remote "gh"]
                url = ssh://github.com/lucs/vim-⟨Pname⟩.git

For development work:

    ⋯lucs/prj/t/nvim/
        plugin.vim-⟨PName⟩/
            vim-⟨PNname⟩.git/
                .git/
                        [remote "origin"
                            url = /shome/lucs/vcs/vim-⟨PName⟩.git
                    config

My home directory:

    ~lucs/.config/
        nvim/
                let g:user_home_dir = '/home/lucs'
                let g:nvim_lucs_pack = g:user_home_dir .
                  \ '/.local/share/nvim/site/pack/lucs/opt/vim-lucs'
                    ⦃⦄
                packadd vim-DrawIt
                packadd vim-dirvish
                ⋯
            init.lucs.vim

                    ⦃⦄
                source /home/lucs/.config/nvim/init.lucs.vim
                let g:prj_nick = 'lucs'
            init.vim

    ~lucs/.local/
        share/nvim/site/pack/lucs/opt/
                ⦃⦄
            vim-DrawIt/
            vim-dirvish/
            ⋯

Other HOME directories:

    $HOME/  : ⦃~lucs/prj/t/raku/⦄
        .config/ 
            nvim/
                    source /home/lucs/.config/nvim/init.lucs.vim
                    let g:prj_nick = '⌊t_raku⌉'
                init.vim

        .local/
                Symlink to /home/lucs/.local/share/nvim/site/pack/lucs/
            share/nvim/site/pack/lucs

